the car will not stop
if you get out of the van or not good, right?
This speaks louder than to wait.
that way stronger than I
I was waiting
oh my, I'm one more but the boss sent
everyone in this container here that
I'm calm I'm going to take them they see me almost
I killed someone 's real face , what a shame.
but the one that was epic was beautiful
the car has walked all the way in
container between cayman hurts
Caius ordered you to leave the door that
We will keep the agenda going to die.
Caius ordered everyone into the container.
everybody went inside the rock
all entered solution within
Calm down, yes, I'm like this, but you
do not come out of the container fell for you
get deeper there're guys that this
door that feather leg
william
I told you to leave the door I said
you are there at the door who's around
world inside everything is beautiful
the car of the actor lying there is
Easier to carry people
lying down
u1 not even screwing attention I'm in a
container door I'm I'm a door
you have another right exit the cayman
you go out for her now 321 leave
Come out or it's just you, man.
Okay. I want you to be in line.
My front
the line here on the line is this but not in
top of this line here black and white
black and white sandal will stay
organized in beautiful business
Okay, until a lot of people come and talk.
in front of me face fell do not squat
and carmo you look at me only me
I do not want you to accompany anyone
doing things here
the cayman you stand on
Hell, they leave the car, you know what.
that is to work at home do not accept
houses, it's okay there, not fucking guys
spread drowned
only it's great shot in the neck does not hurt
both 468 people were not only in my
Dad, like I already said.
the car just you guys or better in the head
someone with rpg the car you do not know
move if you do not move the charge
you strike the knife actually you
plays in the sea ​​each player will record one
Touch
the fall sent you to kiss in the mouth of the
face in front of you you're looking
guys and guys they betrayed you the car
I do not know if they kill him ok ok compared to March
and this this is a love story
better than twilight
the car do not know about this car here
How did you see in your cart?
will not will not relax
You can see that there is a container
here is that mardi gras container and he
It's going to be cover, maybe you're
or can not have it is good
the fall sent you into the
container is now good here who goes
survive where in hockey br come here in
car when you come here and here
pg you can see in the face me
follow the way forward
playing is the final battle is the fall
told you to lean against the wall in my
front
good question
the old man not to stand still I watching
in you and you aiming at ok
when the clock arrives there 23 and 30
We're going to shoot here It has to be fair.
23 and 30
so let's go for another 10 seconds
tense 23 30
Okay, I was able to record the game itself.